word                score                    parts
===========================================================================
manslaughterhouse   14.5000                  man slaughter house
firecrackerjack     14.0000                  fire cracker jack
plainclothesline    14.0000                  plain clothes line
nutcrackerjack      13.0000                  nut cracker jack
breakthroughout     12.5000                  break through out
pickpocketbook      12.0000                  pick pocket book
quizmasterpiece     12.0000                  quiz master piece
goddamnedest        12.0000                  god damned est
demonstrategist     12.0000                  demon strate gist
supermarketplace    12.0000                  super market place
orchestrategist     12.0000                  orche strate gist
overnightstick      12.0000                  over nights tick
wastebasketball     12.0000                  waste basket ball
headmasterpiece     12.0000                  head master piece
magistrategist      12.0000                  magi strate gist
commonwealthiest    12.0000                  common wealth iest
illustrategist      12.0000                  illu strate gist
playgroundwork      12.0000                  play ground work
handbasketball      12.0000                  hand basket ball
girlfriendliest     12.0000                  girl friend liest
complaintiff        12.0000                  com plaint iff
misinterpretive     12.0000                  mis interpret ive
battlegroundwork    12.0000                  battle ground work
vegetablespoon      12.0000                  vege tables poon
newsstandstill      12.0000                  news stands till
pineapplesauce      12.0000                  pine apples auce
postmasterpiece     12.0000                  post master piece
backgroundwork      12.0000                  back ground work
equivalentine       11.5000                  equi valent ine
transcripture       11.5000                  tran script ure
constructural       11.5000                  con struct ural
ambivalentine       11.5000                  ambi valent ine
splinterstate       11.5000                  spl inters tate
manuscripture       11.5000                  manu script ure
offspringtime       11.5000                  off spring time
omnipotential       11.5000                  omni potent ial
antisocialism       11.5000                  anti social ism
supporterhouse      11.0000                  sup porter house
salespersonnel      11.0000                  sales person nel
sweetheartsick      11.0000                  sweet hearts ick
incorrectional      11.0000                  in correct ional
boyfriendliest      11.0000                  boy friend liest
rattlesnakeskin     10.5000                  rattle snakes kin
spokespersonnel     10.5000                  spokes person nel
hypocriteria        10.0000                  hypo crite ria
flounderline        10.0000                  flo under line
skateboardroom      10.0000                  skate board room
godmotherwise       10.0000                  godm other wise
whereversal         10.0000                  whe rever sal
newsstandoff        10.0000                  news stand off
scoreboardroom      10.0000                  score board room
paycheckout         10.0000                  pay check out
starboardwalk       10.0000                  star board walk
aerospacecraft      10.0000                  aero space craft
screwdriverbank     10.0000                  screwd river bank
prostateroom        10.0000                  pro state room
cadaversion         10.0000                  cad avers ion
adaptablespoon      10.0000                  adap table spoon
yearbookshelf       10.0000                  year books helf
dollhousewife       10.0000                  doll house wife
highlandscape       10.0000                  high lands cape
irritablespoon      10.0000                  irri table spoon
dashboardwalk       10.0000                  dash board walk
willpowerhouse      10.0000                  will power house
fortnightfall       10.0000                  fort night fall
playhousewife       10.0000                  play house wife
admirational        10.0000                  admi ration al
bookstoreroom       10.0000                  book store room
firewaterfall       10.0000                  fire water fall
henhousewife        10.0000                  hen house wife
painterstate        10.0000                  pa inters tate
comebackstreet      10.0000                  come backs treet
jailhouseguest      10.0000                  jail house guest
devastatewide       10.0000                  deva state wide
cardboardwalk       10.0000                  card board walk
firewaterloo        10.0000                  fire water loo
floundergone        10.0000                  flo under gone
fortnighthawk       10.0000                  fort night hawk
marshmallowance     10.0000                  marshm allow ance
timetablecloth      10.0000                  time table cloth
snowboardroom       10.0000                  snow board room
flashbackslide      10.0000                  flash backs lide
aboveboardroom      10.0000                  above board room
cookbookshelf       10.0000                  cook books helf
vegetablecloth      10.0000                  vege table cloth
oversleepwalk       10.0000                  over sleep walk
hereaftermath       10.0000                  here after math
withstandstill      10.0000                  with stand still
vineyardstick       10.0000                  vine yards tick
newsstandpoint      10.0000                  news stand point
moderational        10.0000                  mode ration al
scoreboardinghouse  10.0000                  score board inghouse
pineapplejack       10.0000                  pine apple jack
headboardroom       10.0000                  head board room
handstandstill      10.0000                  hand stand still
splinterrupt        10.0000                  spl inter rupt
splinternal         10.0000                  spl inter nal
insurmountablespoon 10.0000                  insurmoun table spoon
surfacedown         10.0000                  sur faced own
complaintiff        10.0000                  com plain tiff
