word                score                    parts
===========================================================================
manslaughterhouse   14.5000                  man slaughter house
plainclothesline    14.0000                  plain clothes line
firecrackerjack     14.0000                  fire cracker jack
nutcrackerjack      13.0000                  nut cracker jack
breakthroughout     12.5000                  break through out
postmasterpiece     12.0000                  post master piece
demonstrategist     12.0000                  demon strate gist
newsstandstill      12.0000                  news stands till
overnightstick      12.0000                  over nights tick
backgroundwork      12.0000                  back ground work
magistrategist      12.0000                  magi strate gist
headmasterpiece     12.0000                  head master piece
wastebasketball     12.0000                  waste basket ball
handbasketball      12.0000                  hand basket ball
supermarketplace    12.0000                  super market place
complaintiff        12.0000                  com plaint iff
vegetablespoon      12.0000                  vege tables poon
playgroundwork      12.0000                  play ground work
pineapplesauce      12.0000                  pine apples auce
battlegroundwork    12.0000                  battle ground work
goddamnedest        12.0000                  god damned est
misinterpretive     12.0000                  mis interpret ive
commonwealthiest    12.0000                  common wealth iest
quizmasterpiece     12.0000                  quiz master piece
illustrategist      12.0000                  illu strate gist
orchestrategist     12.0000                  orche strate gist
pickpocketbook      12.0000                  pick pocket book
girlfriendliest     12.0000                  girl friend liest
constructural       11.5000                  con struct ural
antisocialism       11.5000                  anti social ism
ambivalentine       11.5000                  ambi valent ine
equivalentine       11.5000                  equi valent ine
omnipotential       11.5000                  omni potent ial
splinterstate       11.5000                  spl inters tate
transcripture       11.5000                  tran script ure
offspringtime       11.5000                  off spring time
manuscripture       11.5000                  manu script ure
sweetheartsick      11.0000                  sweet hearts ick
supporterhouse      11.0000                  sup porter house
salespersonnel      11.0000                  sales person nel
incorrectional      11.0000                  in correct ional
boyfriendliest      11.0000                  boy friend liest
rattlesnakeskin     10.5000                  rattle snakes kin
spokespersonnel     10.5000                  spokes person nel
airtightrope        10.0000                  air tight rope
veritablespoon      10.0000                  veri table spoon
prospectral         10.0000                  pro spect ral
coffeehouseguest    10.0000                  coffee house guest
textbookstore       10.0000                  text books tore
newspaperback       10.0000                  news paper back
sandpaperwork       10.0000                  sand paper work
highlandscape       10.0000                  high lands cape
sweetheartburn      10.0000                  sweet heart burn
prospectrum         10.0000                  pro spect rum
thereafternoon      10.0000                  there after noon
viscountdown        10.0000                  vis count down
aboveboardwalk      10.0000                  above board walk
newspaperweight     10.0000                  news paper weight
adjustablespoon     10.0000                  adjus table spoon
warheadstone        10.0000                  war heads tone
saltwaterloo        10.0000                  salt water loo
homesteadfast       10.0000                  home stead fast
screwdriverbank     10.0000                  screwd river bank
prostateside        10.0000                  pro state side
fortnightcap        10.0000                  fort night cap
scholarshipshape    10.0000                  scholar ships hape
detonational        10.0000                  deto nation al
partnershipshape    10.0000                  partner ships hape
misunderstandpoint  10.0000                  misunder stand point
earringside         10.0000                  ear rings ide
cutbackseat         10.0000                  cut backs eat
roadhouseguest      10.0000                  road house guest
irritablespoon      10.0000                  irri table spoon
poorhouseguest      10.0000                  poor house guest
aeroplanetarium     10.0000                  aero plane tarium
paycheckout         10.0000                  pay check out
kickbackseat        10.0000                  kick backs eat
midnightlife        10.0000                  mid night life
firelighthouse      10.0000                  fire light house
bookstoreroom       10.0000                  book store room
middleweighteenth   10.0000                  middlew eight eenth
breakdownstream     10.0000                  break downs tream
makeoversleep       10.0000                  make overs leep
fortnighthawk       10.0000                  fort night hawk
equitablespoon      10.0000                  equi table spoon
pigtailspin         10.0000                  pig tails pin
jailbreakout        10.0000                  jail break out
flashbackstreet     10.0000                  flash backs treet
clubhouseguest      10.0000                  club house guest
jailbreakdown       10.0000                  jail break down
sleepoversensitive  10.0000                  sleep overs ensitive
comebackslide       10.0000                  come backs lide
confidentical       10.0000                  conf ident ical
lighthouseguest     10.0000                  light house guest
devastatewide       10.0000                  deva state wide
lowlifestyle        10.0000                  low lifes tyle
overnightgown       10.0000                  over night gown
blabbermouthwash    10.0000                  blabber mouth wash
veritablecloth      10.0000                  veri table cloth
freshwaterfront     10.0000                  fresh water front
