
word                     score          parts                    
===========================================================================
boyfriendliest           118.4943       boy friend liest         
commonwealthiest         116.4368       common wealth iest       
chalkboardinghouse       99.9114        chalk board inghouse     
pickpocketbook           92.4316        pick pocket book         
battlegroundwork         86.7469        battle ground work       
jailbreakthrough         75.6729        jail break through       
newsstandstill           73.0132        news stands till         
supermarketplace         67.1959        super market place       
aboveboardinghouse       62.8269        above board inghouse     
handbasketball           58.4149        hand basket ball         
heavyweighteenth         55.4838        heavyw eight eenth       
coffeehouseguest         52.4930        coffee house guest       
backgroundwork           49.0104        back ground work         
floorboardinghouse       48.5175        floor board inghouse     
blackboardinghouse       47.7634        black board inghouse     
skateboardinghouse       47.5881        skate board inghouse     
battlegroundbreaking     42.8242        battle ground breaking   
newsstandpoint           41.6017        news stand point         
playgroundwork           39.8459        play ground work         
chalkboardwalk           38.0185        chalk board walk         
chessboardinghouse       35.7520        chess board inghouse     
battlefieldstone         33.1339        battle field stone       
informaldehyde           30.3140        in formal dehyde         
viscounterproductive     29.0053        vis count erproductive   
bedspreadsheet           26.6370        bed spread sheet         
scoreboardinghouse       25.2916        score board inghouse     
keyboardinghouse         25.1854        key board inghouse       
midnightgown             24.9461        mid night gown           
aboveboardwalk           23.9070        above board walk         
pineapplesauce           23.0826        pine apples auce         
backgroundbreaking       22.8694        back ground breaking     
sweetheartsick           22.6358        sweet hearts ick         
cupboardinghouse         22.2859        cup board inghouse       
snowflakeshore           22.1299        snowf lakes hore         
sleepoversensitive       22.0778        sleep overs ensitive     
roadblocksmith           21.4922        roadb locks mith         
chalkboardroom           21.4704        chalk board room         
heartbreakdown           20.4615        heart break down         
newsstandstill           20.0207        news stand still         
straitjacket             19.2148        strait jacket            
grapefruitcake           18.8724        grape fruit cake         
playgroundbreaking       18.5930        play ground breaking     
floorboardwalk           18.4620        floor board walk         
paperweighteenth         18.2715        paperw eight eenth       
blackboardwalk           18.1750        black board walk         
skateboardwalk           18.1083        skate board walk         
childbirthmark           16.7985        child birth mark         
kickbackstroke           15.5197        kick backs troke         
heartbreakfast           15.4341        heart break fast         
jailhouseguest           15.2529        jail house guest         
flashbackslide           15.0495        flash backs lide         
clubhouseguest           14.9934        club house guest         
vegetablespoon           14.9657        vege tables poon         
spokespersonal           14.8859        spokes person al         
kickbackstreet           14.7393        kick backs treet         
farmhouseguest           14.6555        farm house guest         
goddamnedest             14.6389        god damned est           
chessboardwalk           13.6044        chess board walk         
aboveboardroom           13.5012        above board room         
townhouseguest           13.4194        town house guest         
uncommonwealth           12.9678        un common wealth         
seaboardinghouse         12.6300        sea board inghouse       
midnightclub             12.4837        mid night club           
withstandpoint           12.2785        with stand point         
daybreakdown             12.0933        day break down           
discounterproductive     11.8731        dis count erproductive   
playhouseguest           11.7590        play house guest         
willpowerhouse           11.6834        will power house         
roadhouseguest           11.4502        road house guest         
newsstandoff             11.2486        news stand off           
sleepoversleep           11.2415        sleep overs leep         
powerhousewife           11.2105        power house wife         
dollhouseguest           11.0005        doll house guest         
cornfieldstone           10.9703        corn field stone         
quizmasterpieces         10.9339        quiz master pieces       
poorhouseguest           10.8483        poor house guest         
porterhouseguest         10.7198        porter house guest       
overnightstick           10.5632        over nights tick         
floorboardroom           10.4262        floor board room         
inscrutablespoon         10.3573        inscru table spoon       
sweetheartfelt           10.3481        sweet heart felt         
keyboardwalk             10.3067        key board walk           
cornflakeshore           10.3028        cornf lakes hore         
greenhousewife           10.2948        green house wife         
blackboardroom           10.2641        black board room         
skateboardroom           10.2264        skate board room         
inscrutablecloth         10.0441        inscru table cloth       
fiberglassware           9.7438         fiber glass ware         
salespersonnel           9.7385         sales person nel         
scoreboardwalk           9.6240         score board walk         
comfortablespoon         9.4934         comfor table spoon       
wastebasketballs         9.4121         waste basket balls       
supporterhouse           9.3628         sup porter house         
comfortablecloth         9.2063         comfor table cloth       
sleepoverslept           9.1990         sleep overs lept         
heartbrokenhearted       9.1582         heart broken hearted     
daybreakfast             9.1220         day break fast           
cupboardwalk             9.1201         cup board walk           
grandmotherfuckers       8.9449         grand mother fuckers     
jailbreakout             8.9293         jail break out           
