initial candidate words: 222671
orignal candidate words: 212642

word                     score          parts                    
===========================================================================
salespersonified         12.0000        sales person ified       
mayflowering             12.0000        may flower ing           
undergroundless          12.0000        under ground less        
understandstill          12.0000        under stands till        
inspirationalizing       12.0000        inspi ration alizing     
representful             12.0000        rep resent ful           
magistrategies           12.0000        magi strate gies         
designationally          12.0000        desig nation ally        
destinationally          12.0000        desti nation ally        
reconstructural          12.0000        recon struct ural        
middleweightless         12.0000        middle weight less       
quizmasterminded         12.0000        quiz master minded       
postmasterminded         12.0000        post master minded       
antisocialized           12.0000        anti social ized         
contractionable          12.0000        contr action able        
salespersonally          12.0000        sales person ally        
bloodstreamlined         12.0000        blood stream lined       
lacerationalize          12.0000        lace ration alize        
battlegroundbreaking     12.0000        battle ground breaking   
grandmotherfucking       12.0000        grand mother fucking     
extractionable           12.0000        extr action able         
alliterationalizing      12.0000        allite ration alizing    
illuminationally         12.0000        illumi nation ally       
demonstrategizing        12.0000        demon strate gizing      
grandmotherfucker        12.0000        grand mother fucker      
salespersonalize         12.0000        sales person alize       
orchestrategist          12.0000        orche strate gist        
corporationalizing       12.0000        corpo ration alizing     
expirationally           12.0000        expi ration ally         
coronationally           12.0000        coro nation ally         
deliberationalize        12.0000        delibe ration alize      
urologistics             12.0000        uro logist ics           
attractionable           12.0000        attr action able         
preparationalizing       12.0000        prepa ration alizing     
condemnationally         12.0000        condem nation ally       
exaggerationally         12.0000        exagge ration ally       
exhilarationally         12.0000        exhila ration ally       
arbitrationally          12.0000        arbit ration ally        
desperationalize         12.0000        despe ration alize       
goddamnedest             12.0000        god damned est           
satisfactionable         12.0000        satisf action able       
battlegroundless         12.0000        battle ground less       
deliberationalizing      12.0000        delibe ration alizing    
degenerationalizing      12.0000        degene ration alizing    
integrationalizing       12.0000        integ ration alizing     
explorationalize         12.0000        explo ration alize       
filtrationalize          12.0000        filt ration alize        
orchestrategies          12.0000        orche strate gies        
alterationally           12.0000        alte ration ally         
girlfriendship           12.0000        girl friend ship         
girlfriendships          12.0000        girl friend ships        
downstreamlined          12.0000        down stream lined        
decorationally           12.0000        deco ration ally         
handbasketball           12.0000        hand basket ball         
sunflowering             12.0000        sun flower ing           
demonstrategize          12.0000        demon strate gize        
magistrategizing         12.0000        magi strate gizing       
admirationalize          12.0000        admi ration alize        
illustrategize           12.0000        illu strate gize         
penetrationalizing       12.0000        penet ration alizing     
declarationalize         12.0000        decla ration alize       
overnightstick           12.0000        over nights tick         
spokespersonality        12.0000        spokes person ality      
registrationally         12.0000        regist ration ally       
orchestrategically       12.0000        orche strate gically     
headmasterpiece          12.0000        head master piece        
disinfecting             12.0000        dis infect ing           
illustrationalizing      12.0000        illust ration alizing    
frustrationally          12.0000        frust ration ally        
moderationally           12.0000        mode ration ally         
cooperationally          12.0000        coope ration ally        
integrationally          12.0000        integ ration ally        
heavyweightless          12.0000        heavy weight less        
immigrationalize         12.0000        immig ration alize       
infiltrationalize        12.0000        infilt ration alize      
bedspreading             12.0000        bed spread ing           
ambivalentines           12.0000        ambi valent ines         
registrationalizing      12.0000        regist ration alizing    
equivalentines           12.0000        equi valent ines         
infractionable           12.0000        infr action able         
preparationally          12.0000        prepa ration ally        
regenerationally         12.0000        regene ration ally       
geologistics             12.0000        geo logist ics           
culminationally          12.0000        culmi nation ally        
transportswear           12.0000        tran sports wear         
alterationalize          12.0000        alte ration alize        
spokespersonified        12.0000        spokes person ified      
distractionable          12.0000        distr action able        
desperationally          12.0000        despe ration ally        
penetrationalize         12.0000        penet ration alize       
generationally           12.0000        gene ration ally         
deliberationally         12.0000        delibe ration ally       
vaccinationally          12.0000        vacci nation ally        
backstreetlights         12.0000        back street lights       
corporationally          12.0000        corpo ration ally        
explanationally          12.0000        expla nation ally        
abominationally          12.0000        abomi nation ally        
polyesterday             12.0000        pol yester day           
incarnationally          12.0000        incar nation ally        
girlfriendless           12.0000        girl friend less         
