word                score                    parts
===========================================================================
uncharacteristics   138437.9903              un characteristic s
miscommunications   125409.9720              mis communication s
disappointments     67724.0957               dis appointment s
unprofessionals     41804.4028               un professional s
misunderstandably   37366.4778               mis understand ably
manslaughterhouse   36989.9493               man slaughter house
miscalculations     8088.3594                mis calculation s
fairgroundskeeper   6975.0412                fair grounds keeper
infrastructured     6896.4386                infra structure d
playgroundskeeper   6451.6016                play grounds keeper
reassignments       6006.6242                re assignment s
subcommittees       4590.4965                sub committee s
girlfriendships     4311.8756                girl friends hips
collaboratories     4136.4619                col laborator ies
imperfectionist     4101.2640                im perfection ist
indifferences       3856.3626                in difference s
straightforwarded   3305.4960                straight forward ed
disadvantages       3277.4781                dis advantage s
breakthroughway     3000.3854                break through way
reacquaintances     2943.4462                re acquaint ances
inexperiences       2835.9457                in experience s
disagreements       2652.1910                dis agreement s
reproductions       2255.9805                re production s
aforethoughtfully   2075.7786                afore thought fully
understatements     2006.7546                under statement s
boyfriendship       1934.1985                boy friends hip
hyperventilated     1906.6272                hyper ventilate d
transformations     1861.8911                trans formation s
misinterpretive     1803.1555                mis interpret ive
breakthroughout     1745.6037                break through out
afterthoughtfully   1660.6381                after thought fully
disinformations     1578.8262                disin formation s
misinterpreting     1486.6003                mis interpret ing
extraditionally     1403.2868                ex tradition ally
dysfunctional       1369.5727                dys function al
recollections       1203.7912                re collection s
firecrackerjack     1185.0759                fire cracker jack
encounterproductive 1143.7096                en counter productive
nonexistentialist   1102.0030                non existent ialist
impersonalities     1057.2129                im personal ities
collaboratory       1053.9451                col laborator y
degenerations       1002.8221                de generation s
aforethoughtful     955.9790                 afore thought ful
disappointments     899.8966                 dis appoint ments
battlegroundskeeper 862.3614                 battle ground skeeper
multimillionaires   855.0786                 multi million aires
backgroundskeeper   841.0246                 back ground skeeper
unrealistically     815.3412                 un realistic ally
regenerations       813.5859                 re generation s
predispositioning   809.0875                 predis position ing
disrespectability   765.6632                 dis respect ability
afterthoughtful     764.7902                 after thought ful
unfamiliarize       747.6995                 un familiar ize
quizmasterpiece     736.0027                 quiz master piece
disintegrated       699.7370                 dis integrate d
playgroundskeeper   683.7601                 play ground skeeper
encountermeasures   601.8605                 en counter measures
girlfriendships     595.0871                 girl friend ships
extraditional       579.7121                 ex tradition al
correlationship     569.8662                 cor relation ship
rebuildings         563.5518                 re building s
transmissionaries   561.4276                 trans mission aries
girlfriendliest     502.1705                 girl friend liest
malfunctional       488.4550                 mal function al
handbasketballs     478.2713                 hand basket balls
predispositions     471.8536                 predis position s
irrationalizing     469.1624                 ir rational izing
overreactionary     457.1499                 over reaction ary
debriefings         454.5279                 de briefing s
impractically       449.1990                 im practical ly
bedspreadsheets     433.8767                 bed spread sheets
cheerleadership     432.0642                 cheer leaders hip
unofficials         424.5847                 un official s
reevaluated         412.6643                 re evaluate d
stepmotherfuckers   406.9293                 step mother fuckers
cooperational       390.4835                 co operation al
denominationals     373.4738                 denomi national s
stepmotherfucking   362.0284                 step mother fucking
boyfriendlier       357.7333                 boy friend lier
neurosurgeons       357.1257                 neuro surgeon s
aforethoughts       355.0852                 afore thought s
jurisdictionary     354.6655                 juris diction ary
invaluables         349.8367                 in valuable s
boyfriendship       347.6109                 boy friend ship
unfamiliars         345.3518                 un familiar s
heavyweightless     343.9537                 heavy weight less
disrespectively     334.1534                 dis respect ively
reorganized         322.0672                 re organize d
northwesterns       321.5953                 north western s
suppositioned       287.2014                 sup position ed
afterthoughts       284.0708                 after thought s
rattlesnakeskin     275.8359                 rattle snakes kin
disqualifying       275.8029                 dis qualify ing
commissionaries     274.5187                 com mission aries
undergroundbreaking 273.3411                 under ground breaking
intermissionaries   267.4136                 inter mission aries
wastebasketball     259.9151                 waste basket ball
rescheduled         258.7650                 re schedule d
offspringtime       257.1299                 off spring time
godmotherfucker     256.1675                 god mother fucker
